Allow to load external js sources in LTI template (#600)
openfun/marsha: docs/env.md

- Required: Yes
- Default: None

> #### DJANGO_EXTERNAL_JAVASCRIPT_SOURCES

Reviewer: Not necessarily sources but scripts?
```suggestion
#### DJANGO_EXTERNAL_JAVASCRIPT_SCRIPTS
```

> List of external javascript script to load in the lti template. This list will be loaded after loading the main react script. This setting allow to load script hosted on other domain and specific to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of external javascript scripts to load in the LTI template. This list will be loaded after loading the main react script. This setting allows to load scripts hosted on another domain and specific to your project.
```
